Update and fix documentation (#112)
bytewax/bytewax: docs/articles/getting-started/ins_and_outs.md

> Each bytewax dataflow needs to know how to get the input data, and what to do with the processed data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every bytewax dataflow needs to be able to connect to and receive or retrieve data and also requires instruction on where to send and what to do with processed data. 
```

> There are 2 operators that allow you to configure this: `Dataflow.input` and `Dataflow.capture`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two operators that allow you to configure this: `Dataflow.input` and `Dataflow.capture`.
```

Bytewax offers two input configurations (more to come in the future):
- ManualInputConfig
- KafkaInputConfig

[ManualInputConfig](/apidocs/bytewax.inputs#bytewax.inputs.ManualInputConfig) allows you to define the input **builder** as a python function.  
The input builder is a function that is called on each worker and will produce the input for that worker.  
It accepts three parameters: `worker_index, worker_count, resume_state`. The input builder function should return an iterable that yields a tuple of `(state, event)`, and it must know how to skip ahead in its input data to start at that `resume_state`. The `resume_state` parameter allows you to configure recovery should a failure interrupt a stateful operation, such as `stateful_map`.  
You can use any existing python library to extract the data you need inside the builder function.  
You then pass the builder to `ManualInputConfig` and the generator will be polled to retrieve new items.

[KafkaInputConfig](/apidocs/bytewax.inputs#bytewax.inputs.KafkaInputConfig) is a specific input configuration tailored for Apache Kafka (and kafka-api compatible platforms, like Redpanda).  

> This input generator is provided by the Rust Bytewax library, and while you can build a custom Kafka input using the `ManualInputConfig` and any python library to talk to Kafka, this is the recommended approach, since it also automatically handles recovery.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This input generator is provided by the Rust Bytewax library, and while you can build a custom Kafka input using the `ManualInputConfig` and any python library to connect to Kafka, using the `KafkaInputConfig` is the recommended approach since it also automatically handles recovery.  
```

`KafkaInputConfig` accepts four parameters: a list of brokers, a topic, a tail boolean and a starting_offset. See our API docs for `bytewax.inputs` for more on a Kafka configuration.

## Output

> Output too is configured using a configuration and the `capture` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output, similarly to input, is configurable and this is accomplished with the `capture` operator.
```

Bytewax offers three output configurations:
- ManualOutputConfig
- StdOutputConfig

> [ManualOutputConfig](/apidocs/bytewax.outputs#bytewax.outputs.ManualOutputConfig) requires a **builder** function that is called on each worker and will handle the output for that worker. The output builder function should return a callback **output handler** function that can be called with each item of output produced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ManualOutputConfig](/apidocs/bytewax.outputs#bytewax.outputs.ManualOutputConfig) is the most flexible output configuration. It requires a **builder** function that is called on each worker and will handle the output for that worker. The output builder function should return a callback **output handler** function that can be called with each item of output produced. This can be used with any existing Python library to connect with various downstream systems. Pay attention to whether the downstream system can accept concurrent writes in the case of parallelism.
```

> [StdOutputConfig](/apidocs/bytewax.outputs#bytewax.outputs.StdOutputConfig) just prints all the output to the standard output, and it does not require any other configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[StdOutputConfig](/apidocs/bytewax.outputs#bytewax.outputs.StdOutputConfig) simply prints all of the output to standard out, and it does not require any other configuration.
```
